query-tee: always return response from preferred backend if one is configured (#8634)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Query-tee

> * [CHANGE] If a preferred backend is configured, then query-tee will now always return its response, regardless of the response status code. Previously, query-tee would only return the response from the preferred backend if it did not have a 5xx status code. #8634

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] If a preferred backend is configured, then query-tee always returns its response, regardless of the response status code. Previously, query-tee would only return the response from the preferred backend if it did not have a 5xx status code. #8634
```
